For Deposit and Withdrawal, we can have to buttons namely "Deposit" and "Withdraw" opposite to "Past transactions", right above the transactions table.

Deposit Flow:
When the user clicks the "Deposit" button on the homepage:
1. User should be taken to the deposit page on the "/deposits/new" route.
2. User should see their account information.
3. User should see a form to input card details and deposit funds to the current account.
4. Users should see third-party integrations e.g. Google Pay, Apple Pay, etc., (Optional)
5. User should be able to deposit funds via methods mentioned in 3 and 4.

To simplify the Deposit flow:
We can use 3rd party payment processors like "Stripe" which allow us to link payment methods to the users.
This also allows us to pre-fill payment method information in our form or charge the user directly on a button click (if the user permits that).
We can also have multiple payment methods attached to a customer to allow them to quickly switch between them in case funds are low in any account.

Withdrawal Flow:
When the user clicks the "Withdraw" button on the homepage:
1. User should be taken to the withdrawal page on the "/withdrawals/new" route.
2. User should see their account information.
3. User should see a form to input bank account information.
4. Users should be able to add beneficiaries so that they don't have to enter their account information again and again.
5. User should be able to choose the beneficiary to whom the amount will be transferred.

To simplify the Withdrawal flow:
We can use "Wise" which allows us to create dynamic forms for transferring money in many different countries.
Wise also allows us to convert from one currency to another while transferring.
This will save us from the trouble of having different forms for every different currency/country.

Security Concerns:
A major security concern is the payment information, we should not store this information directly in our database.
We can use Stripe/Wise to do that for us and instead we can store the reference to the payment method on Stripe/Wise in our database.
This saves us from accidentally exposing our clients' payment information.
